[Ruby] New Concept exercise: numbers (#1295)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/numbers/.docs/after.md

- Both instances of `Float` and `Integer` implement methods (for example: `#to_i`, `#to_f`) to convert values from one type to the other. As a number implemented through the `Integer` class has less precision than a number implemented through the `Float` class, converting from an instance of `Integer` to an instance of `Float` is safe because it does not result in any kind of data loss. However, converting from an instance of `Float` to an instance of `Integer` could mean losing data.

```ruby
4.9.to_i
#=> 4

5.to_f
#=> 5.0

5 * 6
#=> 30

1.2 > 0.8
#=> true

3.0 > 3
#=> false

7 - 3.0
#=> 4.0

2 != 4
#=> true
```

An `if` statement can be used to conditionally execute code. The condition of an `if` statement does not have to be only `true` or `false`. It can be any value. But it's important to know that any value other than `nil` and `false` (_truthy_ values) will be treated as `true`, meaning that the code inside the `if` statement will be executed.

```ruby
x = 5

if x == 5
  # Execute logic if x equals 5
elsif x > 7
  # Execute logic if x greater than 7
else
  # Execute logic in all other cases
end
```

> Sometimes you want to execute a piece of code if a condition is _not_ true, for situations like that, Ruby implements the `unless` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to execute a statement (or statements) if a condition is _not_ true, for situations like that, Ruby implements the `unless` keyword:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to execute code if a condition is _not_ true, for situations like that, Ruby implements the `unless` keyword:
```

Reviewer: Particularly, we don't want to state that `unless` is a method, but it is a keyword.

```ruby
x = 4
unless x == 5
  # Execute logic if x does not equal 5
else
  # Execute logic if x == 5
end
```

> Ruby also implements the `case` statement:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a little bit of text here to describe when to use a `case` statement over the previous options?

One of the key aspects of working with numbers in Ruby is the distinction between integers (numbers with no digits after the decimal separator) and floating-point numbers (numbers with zero or more digits after the decimal separator).
They are implemented through the [`Integer`][integer-ruby] and [`Float`][float-ruby] class.

```ruby

> a = 1
> b = 1.0
> a.class
> #=> Integer
> b.class
> #=> Float

Reviewer 2: Maybe use descriptive names and group the class calls with the definitions?

```suggestion
integer_variable = 1
integer_variable.class
#=> Integer

float_variable = 1.0
float_variable.class
#=> Float
```

This could be fixed in a subsequent PR if this is useful.

Author: I actually thought about something like this, but didn't want to make it confusing and potentially hint that the name of the variables has anything to do with their type. What do you think about naming them `numeric_variable_one` (the integer) and `numeric_variable_two` (the float) ?

Reviewer 3: I thin just moving the `b` down makes it clear.

```suggestion
a = 1
a.class
#=> Integer

b = 1.0
b.class
#=> Float
```

```

- Arithmetic is done using the basic [arithmetic operators][arithmetic-operators] (`+`, `-`, `*`, `/`). Numbers can be compared using the standard [comparison operators][comparison-operators].
- Basic arithmetic operations between instances of `Integer`, will always result in an instance of `Integer`.
- Basic arithmetic operations between instances of `Float` will result in other instances of `Float`.
- Basic arithmetic operations between instances of `Integer` and instances of `Float` will result in instances of `Float`.

> - The `Float` and `Integer` classes have methods that will coerce values from one to the other. `Integer` numbers are precise to a whole unit, while `Float` has precision that is fractional to an whole number. This means that coercing a float to an integer may result in loss of precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Float` and `Integer` classes have methods that will coerce values from one to the other. `Integer` numbers are precise to a whole unit, while `Float` has precision that is fractional to an whole number.
```

Not sure if that last sentence is too "hand holdy".  This detail is inferred, and should end up being reinforced in tests.

Author: I dropped it from the instructions but kept it in the after file. Hope that's ok

> ```ruby

Reviewer 2: I feel that this list of example is a bit big, and that maybe we could shorten this. But this is definitely not something to block this from being merged.

4.9.to_i
#=> 4

5.to_f
#=> 5.0

5 * 6
#=> 30

1.2 > 0.8
#=> true

3.0 > 3
#=> false

7 - 3.0
#=> 4.0

> 2 != 4
> #=> true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 == 4
#=> false
```

Perhaps also add an example that does show equality check between Float and Integer:

```ruby
>> 1.0 == 1
=>t rue
```
